# Bun Server with Para SDK Integration

This project demonstrates how to integrate the [Para SDK](https://docs.usepara.com/welcome) with a Bun server,
showcasing various ways to handle wallet creation and sign transactions using Para Pre-Generated (PreGen) wallets and
different signers. The project highlights several key libraries and protocols, such as Ethers, CosmJS, Viem, Solana
Web3, and Alchemy Account Abstraction (AA).

## Project Overview

This server provides different routes to create wallets and sign transactions using the Para SDK and other blockchain
technologies. The server supports multiple signing mechanisms across several blockchain networks, ensuring robust,
secure, and decentralized transaction signing.

The routes utilize **Para PreGen wallets** and different signers, and the project strongly emphasizes securely storing
the `userShare` with encryption to ensure user data safety. We use [encryption-utils.ts](./utils/encryption-utils.ts)
for handling encryption and decryption of key shares.

For **userOps signing** with Alchemy AA, we demonstrate the use of a simple contract that increases the count on the
contract using user operations, which is a key feature of account abstraction (AA).

## What is a Pre-Generated (PreGen) Wallet?

A Para PreGen wallet is a wallet account generated by taking an identifier provided by the app (e.g., an email) and
creating a Para account and wallet using our distributed 2-of-2 Multi-Party Computation (MPC) technology. The server
then returns the `userShare` half of the key to the app, allowing it to initiate user operations with its half of the
key.

This means the app can create an account on the user's behalf, rather than requiring the user to create the account
themselves. The `userShare` is crucial because Para has no way of recovering it. This is why securely storing the
`userShare` with encryption is essential. Without this key share, the user would lose access to their account.

These wallet accounts are **claimable by the user**. Once a user claims their Para account, the keys are refreshed, and
Para provides the user with recovery options for the account. Until the account is claimed, the app holds the
`userShare` and can perform actions with that account. This setup has numerous use cases, especially for server-side
applications, allowing sophisticated bots and agents to take actions for users with wallets that users can eventually
control and use across multiple applications.

## Sessions

The Para Server SDK can also import a session that is exported from a client-side application. This allows the server to
use a user-owned account, rather than a PreGen account, to perform all of the actions. This flexibility makes it easy to
transition from app-generated accounts to fully user-owned accounts when needed.

## Prerequisites

Before running the server, ensure that you have a `.env` file properly configured based on `.env.example`. You will need
API keys such as `PARA_API_KEY` and `ALCHEMY_API_KEY` for various services used in the project.

## Running the Server

1. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   bun install
   ```

2. Start the server in development mode:
   ```bash
   bun dev
   ```

Alternatively, you can run the server directly with:

```bash
bun run server.ts
```

## Available Routes

The server starts on port `8000`. The following routes are available for interacting with the wallet and signing
functionalities. Each route requires an `email` in the request body, and all requests must be authenticated using a
Bearer token in the `Authorization` header.

### Wallet Creation

- **[POST] `/wallets/create`** - Creates a new Para Pre-Generated wallet.
  ```bash
  curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/wallets/create -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"email": "user@example.com"}'
  ```

### Signing Routes

- **[POST] `/wallets/sign/paraPreGen`** - Signs a message and transaction using the Para PreGen wallet.

  ```bash
  curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/wallets/sign/paraPreGen -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"email": "user@example.com"}'
  ```

- **[POST] `/wallets/sign/paraSession`** - Signs using a Para session imported from the client.

  ```bash
  curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/wallets/sign/paraSession -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"email": "user@example.com", "session": "session_data"}'
  ```

- **[POST] `/wallets/sign/ethers`** - Signs a message and transaction using the Para Ethers signer.

  ```bash
  curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/wallets/sign/ethers -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"email": "user@example.com"}'
  ```

- **[POST] `/wallets/sign/viem`** - Signs a transaction using the Para Viem signer.

  ```bash
  curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/wallets/sign/viem -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"email": "user@example.com"}'
  ```

- **[POST] `/wallets/sign/cosmjs`** - Signs a Cosmos transaction using the Para CosmJS signer.

  ```bash
  curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/wallets/sign/cosmjs -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"email": "user@example.com"}'
  ```

- **[POST] `/wallets/sign/solana-web3`** - Signs a Solana transaction using the Para Solana Web3 signer.

  ```bash
  curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/wallets/sign/solana-web3 -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"email": "user@example.com"}'
  ```

- **[POST] `/wallets/sign/alchemy`** - Demonstrates userOps signing with Alchemy AA, using a simple contract to increase
  a count. For more details, refer to the contract [Example.sol](./contracts/Example.sol).
  ```bash
  curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/wallets/sign/alchemy -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"email": "user@example.com"}'
  ```

### Secure Storage of `userShare`

It is **strongly recommended** to securely store the `userShare` with encryption. The encryption and decryption of key
shares are handled in the [encryption-utils.ts](./utils/encryption-utils.ts) file. Always encrypt user data before
storing it in the database, and ensure decryption is done securely during usage.

The key shares are stored and managed in the [keySharesDB.ts](./db/keySharesDB.ts) file, and the actual database is
found in [keyShares.db](./db/keyShares.db). Be sure to follow best practices when handling sensitive cryptographic
materials.

---

For more detailed documentation and API references, visit the official
[Para SDK documentation](https://docs.usepara.com/welcome).
